[MTM-51185] Announcements: to improve security, from release 10.20 us… (#141)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-17-0/announcements-10-17-0.md

### Security changes

> ##### User administrator can not set other users password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### User administrator can no longer set password for other users
```

> To improve security in version 10.20,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve security, from release 10.20,
```

> user admins will no longer be able to explicitly set passwords for other users in the tenant,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
user administrators will no longer be able to explicitly set passwords for other users in the tenant.
```

> otherwise, if the administrator account was compromised, an attacker could have access to all users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change prevents that an attacker could have access to all users, in case the administrator account was compromised.
```
